Booking generator (#95)
motis-project/prima: booking-generator/readme.txt

----------------
./generator.conf
----------------

>     "data":             Input .txt file that contains the stops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "data":             path to input .txt file that contains the stops
```

>     "days":             Range of days the requests should be within. Start day is today.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "days":             number of days from today the requests should be within
```

>     "max_passengers":   Maximum nunber of passengers for one request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "max_passengers":   maximum number of passengers for one request, a number between 1 and max_passengers will be generated randomly
```

>     "max_requests":     (Optional: null) Maximum nunber of requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "max_requests":     optional, maximum number of requests
```

                        The script will stop when that number is reached.

>     "max_bookings":     (Optional: null) Maximum nunber of successful requests (bookings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "max_bookings":     optional, maximum number of successful requests (bookings)
```

                        The script will stop when that number is reached.

>     "delay":            Delay between requests in seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "delay":            delay between requests in seconds
```

    "single_request":   true: send only one predefinded request (./data/single.json).
                        false: continue picking random requests using stops from input file (data).
    "url":              host:port/api/booking
    "auth":             Session ID of a user to send the requests with

    "max_requests" and "max_bookings" can be null.

--------------
Single request
--------------

- edit ./data/single.json to set up the request you want to send
- edit ./generator.conf: set "single_request": true

- don't forget to set "auth" to a valid session id

> - run python3 request_gen.py

Reviewer: working directory?

-------------------
Random request loop
-------------------

- edit ./generator.conf: set "single_request": false

- don't forget to set "auth" to a valid session id

> - run python3 request_gen.py

Reviewer: working directory?
